when a man takes a wife and marries her
when a man takes a wife and marries her and it happens that she finds no favor
and it happens that she finds no favor
and it happens that she finds no favor in his eyes because he has found some
in his eyes because he has found some
in his eyes because he has found some uncleanness in her and he writes her a
uncleanness in her and he writes her a
uncleanness in her and he writes her a certificate of divorce puts it in her
certificate of divorce puts it in her
certificate of divorce puts it in her hand and sent her out of his house when
hand and sent her out of his house when
hand and sent her out of his house when she has departed from his house and goes
she has departed from his house and goes
she has departed from his house and goes and becomes another man's wife if the
and becomes another man's wife if the
and becomes another man's wife if the latter husband detests her and writes
latter husband detests her and writes
latter husband detests her and writes her a certificate of divorce puts it in
her a certificate of divorce puts it in
her a certificate of divorce puts it in her hand and sends her out of his house
her hand and sends her out of his house
her hand and sends her out of his house or if the latter husband dies who took
or if the latter husband dies who took
or if the latter husband dies who took her as his wife then her former husband
her as his wife then her former husband
her as his wife then her former husband who divorced her must not take her back
who divorced her must not take her back
who divorced her must not take her back to be his wife after she has been
to be his wife after she has been
to be his wife after she has been defiled for that is an abomination
defiled for that is an abomination
defiled for that is an abomination before the Lord and you shall not bring
before the Lord and you shall not bring
before the Lord and you shall not bring sin on the land which the Lord your God
sin on the land which the Lord your God
sin on the land which the Lord your God is giving you as an inheritance
when a man has taken a new wife he shall
when a man has taken a new wife he shall not go out to war or be charged with any
not go out to war or be charged with any
not go out to war or be charged with any business he shall be free at home one
business he shall be free at home one
business he shall be free at home one year and bring happiness to his wife
year and bring happiness to his wife
year and bring happiness to his wife whom he has taken no man shall take the
whom he has taken no man shall take the
whom he has taken no man shall take the lower or the upper millstone in pledge
lower or the upper millstone in pledge
lower or the upper millstone in pledge for he takes ones living in pledge if a
for he takes ones living in pledge if a
for he takes ones living in pledge if a man is found kidnapping any of his
man is found kidnapping any of his
man is found kidnapping any of his brethren of the children of Israel and
brethren of the children of Israel and
brethren of the children of Israel and mistreats him or sells human then that
mistreats him or sells human then that
mistreats him or sells human then that kidnapper shall die and you shall put
kidnapper shall die and you shall put
kidnapper shall die and you shall put away the evil from among you take heed
away the evil from among you take heed
away the evil from among you take heed in an outbreak of leprosy that you
in an outbreak of leprosy that you
in an outbreak of leprosy that you carefully observe and do according to
carefully observe and do according to
carefully observe and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall
all that the priests the Levites shall
all that the priests the Levites shall teach you just as I commanded them so
teach you just as I commanded them so
teach you just as I commanded them so you shall be careful to do remember what
you shall be careful to do remember what
you shall be careful to do remember what the Lord your God did to Miriam on the
the Lord your God did to Miriam on the
the Lord your God did to Miriam on the way when you came out of Egypt
way when you came out of Egypt
way when you came out of Egypt [Music]
[Music]
[Music] when you lend your brother anything you
when you lend your brother anything you
when you lend your brother anything you shall not go into his house to get his
shall not go into his house to get his
shall not go into his house to get his pledge you shall stand outside and man
pledge you shall stand outside and man
pledge you shall stand outside and man to whom ye land shall bring the pledge
to whom ye land shall bring the pledge
to whom ye land shall bring the pledge out to you and if the man is poor you
out to you and if the man is poor you
out to you and if the man is poor you shall not keep his pledge overnight you
shall not keep his pledge overnight you
shall not keep his pledge overnight you shall in any case return the pledge to
shall in any case return the pledge to
shall in any case return the pledge to him again when the sun goes down that he
him again when the sun goes down that he
him again when the sun goes down that he may sleep in his own garment and bless
may sleep in his own garment and bless
may sleep in his own garment and bless you and it shall be righteousness to you
you and it shall be righteousness to you
you and it shall be righteousness to you before the Lord your God you shall not
before the Lord your God you shall not
before the Lord your God you shall not oppress a hired servant who is poor and
oppress a hired servant who is poor and
oppress a hired servant who is poor and needy whether one of your brethren or
needy whether one of your brethren or
needy whether one of your brethren or one of the aliens was in your land
one of the aliens was in your land
one of the aliens was in your land within your gates each day you shall
within your gates each day you shall
within your gates each day you shall give him his wages and not let the Sun
give him his wages and not let the Sun
give him his wages and not let the Sun go down on it for he is poor and has set
go down on it for he is poor and has set
go down on it for he is poor and has set his heart on it lest he cry out against
his heart on it lest he cry out against
his heart on it lest he cry out against you to the Lord and it be sin to you
you to the Lord and it be sin to you
you to the Lord and it be sin to you father's shall not be put to death for
father's shall not be put to death for
father's shall not be put to death for their children nor shall children be put
their children nor shall children be put
their children nor shall children be put to death for their fathers a person
to death for their fathers a person
to death for their fathers a person shall be put to death for his own sin
shall be put to death for his own sin
shall be put to death for his own sin you shall not pervert justice do the
you shall not pervert justice do the
you shall not pervert justice do the stranger or the fatherless nor take a
stranger or the fatherless nor take a
stranger or the fatherless nor take a widow's garment as a pledge but you
widow's garment as a pledge but you
widow's garment as a pledge but you shall remember that you were a slave in
shall remember that you were a slave in
shall remember that you were a slave in Egypt and the Lord your God redeemed you
Egypt and the Lord your God redeemed you
Egypt and the Lord your God redeemed you from there therefore I command you to do
from there therefore I command you to do
from there therefore I command you to do this thing when you reap your harvest in
this thing when you reap your harvest in
this thing when you reap your harvest in your field and forget a sheaf in the
your field and forget a sheaf in the
your field and forget a sheaf in the field you shall not go back to get it it
field you shall not go back to get it it
field you shall not go back to get it it shall be for the stranger the fatherless
shall be for the stranger the fatherless
shall be for the stranger the fatherless and the widow that the Lord your God may
and the widow that the Lord your God may
and the widow that the Lord your God may bless you in all the work of your hands
bless you in all the work of your hands
bless you in all the work of your hands when you beat your olive trees you shall
when you beat your olive trees you shall
when you beat your olive trees you shall not go over the boughs again it shall be
not go over the boughs again it shall be
not go over the boughs again it shall be for the stranger the fatherless and the
for the stranger the fatherless and the
for the stranger the fatherless and the widow when you gather the grapes of your
widow when you gather the grapes of your
widow when you gather the grapes of your vineyard you shall not glean it
vineyard you shall not glean it
vineyard you shall not glean it afterward
afterward
afterward it shall be for the stranger the
it shall be for the stranger the
it shall be for the stranger the fatherless and the widow and you shall
fatherless and the widow and you shall
fatherless and the widow and you shall remember that you were a slave in the
remember that you were a slave in the
remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt therefore I command you to
land of Egypt therefore I command you to
land of Egypt therefore I command you to do this thing